<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
 <head>
 <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
 </head>
 <body>
  <h1>Hibernate 4 Maven Plugin</h1>
  <h2>A simple Plugin for generating a Database-Schema from Hibernate 4 Mapping-Annotations</h2>
  <p>
  The <strong>hibernate4-maven-plugin</strong> is a plugin for generating a database-schema
  from your Hibernate-4-Mappings and create or update your database
  accordingly.
  Its main usage is to automatically create and populate a test-database
  for unit-tests in cooperation with the
  <a href="http://mojo.codehaus.org/dbunit-maven-plugin">dbunit-maven-plugin</a>.
  </p>
  <p>
  The plugin was designed with three main goals in mind:
  </p>
  <ul>
    <li>It should be easy to use.</li>
    <li>It should be maximal unlikely, to erase a producation-database by accident.</li>
    <li>It should not slow down the development cycle.</li>
  </ul>
  <p>
  To achieve the first goal, the convention-over-configuration paradigma
  was applied and the plugin was stuffed with usefull logging-messages.
  So, if in doubt, just turn on the <a href="./debugging.html">debugging output</a> with the <code>mvn -X ...</code>. 
  </p>
  <p>
  To achieve the second goal, the precedence in which the configuration
  locations are consulted was layouted in a way that makes it possible, to
  prevent overwrites of the wrong database by accident.
  </p>
  <p>
  Last but not least, in order to not slow down the development cycle, the
  hibernate4-maven-plugin only executes the schema-export, if the mapping
  or the dialect changes (or if you force it to do so).
  </p>
  <p>
  For more information about the inspiration to write this tiny plugin,
  <a href="/hibernate4-maven-plugin-a-simple-plugin-for-generating-a-database-schema-from-hibernate-4-mapping-annotations/">read our blog-article about the hibernate4-maven-plugin</a>.
  </p>
  <h2>Documentation</h2>
  <ul>
   <li>
   See <a href="./configuration.html">Configuration Examples</a> for Usage-Explanations
   and simple examples of how to use this plugin.
   </li>
   <li>
   See <a href="./export-mojo.html">hibernate4:export</a> and
   <a href="./plugin-info.html">Plugin Documentation</a> for the full
   autogenerated documentation. These are mostly configuration-options
   of the Hibernate-Tools <code>SchemaExport</code> and <code>SchemaUpdate</code>, that do
   the work in the background.
   </li>
  </ul>
  <h2>Releases</h2>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="http://juplo.de/hibernate4-maven-plugin">current version</a></li>
    <li>${project.version} (this version)</li>
    <li><a href="http://juplo.de/hibernate4-maven-plugin-1.0.5">1.0.5</a></li>
    <li><a href="http://juplo.de/hibernate4-maven-plugin-1.0.4">1.0.4</a></li>
    <li><a href="http://juplo.de/hibernate4-maven-plugin-1.0.3">1.0.3</a></li>
    <li><a href="http://juplo.de/hibernate4-maven-plugin-1.0.2">1.0.2</a></li>
    <li><a href="http://juplo.de/hibernate4-maven-plugin-1.0.1">1.0.1</a></li>
    <li><a href="http://juplo.de/hibernate4-maven-plugin-1.0">1.0</a></li>
  </ul>
 </body>
</html>
