<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
 <head>
 <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
 </head>
 <body>
  <h2>Annotated classes in dependencies are not found.</h2>
  <p>
  hibernate4-maven-plugin by default scans dependencies in the scope
  <code>compile</code>. You can configure it to scan dependencies in other
  scopes as well. But it scans only direct dependencies. Transitive
  dependencies are not scanned for annotated classes. If some of your
  annotated classes are hidden in a transitive dependency, you can simply
  add that dependency explicitly.
  </p>
  <h2>hibernate4-maven-plugin always needs a database-connection</h2>
  <p>
  The default-configuration uses the EXPORT-target of the SchemaExport-Tool.
  If you do not need to create a database with the evaluated schema, you can
  use the NONE- or the SCRIPT-target.
  This can be achieved with the command-line parameter
  <code>-Dhibernate.export.target=SCRIPT</code> or with the following configuration:
  </p>
  <pre class="prettyprint linenums lang-html">
&lt;configuration&gt;
  &lt;target&gt;SCRIPT&lt;/target&gt;
&lt;/configuration&gt;</pre>
  <p>
  But even when no database is to be created, hibernate always needs to know
  the dialect. Hence, the plugin will fail if this parameter is missing!
  </p>
  <h2>Dependency for driver-class XYZ is missing</h2>
  <p>
  One regular problem is the scope of the jdbc-driver-dependency.
  It is very unlikely, that this dependency is needed at compile-time.
  So a tidy maven-developer would usually scope it for <code>runtime</code>.
  </p>
  <p>
  But this will break the execution of the <code>hibernate4-maven-plugin</code>.
  Since it will not be able to see the needed dependency, it will fail with
  an error-message like:
  </p>
  <pre class="prettyprint">
[INFO] Gathered hibernate-configuration (turn on debugging for details):
[INFO]   hibernate.connection.username = sa
[INFO]   hibernate.connection.password = 
[INFO]   hibernate.dialect = org.hibernate.dialect.HSQLDialect
[INFO]   hibernate.connection.url = jdbc:hsqldb:/home/kai/mmf/target/mmf;shutdown=true
[INFO]   hibernate.connection.driver_class = org.hsqldb.jdbcDriver
[ERROR] Dependency for driver-class org.hsqldb.jdbcDriver is missing!
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[ERROR] BUILD ERROR
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] org.hsqldb.jdbcDriver
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] For more information, run Maven with the -e switch
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] Total time: 2 seconds
[INFO] Finished at: Thu Nov 29 11:31:14 CET 2012
[INFO] Final Memory: 32M/342M
[INFO] ------------------------------------------------------------------------</pre>
  <p>
  A quick workaround for this error would be, to delete the runtime-constraint
  for the jdbc-driver-dependency.
  </p>
  <p>
  A much cleaner way is, to (additionally) ad the dependency, to the
  plugin-definition:
  </p>
  <pre class="prettyprint linenums lang-html">
&lt;plugin&gt;
  &lt;groupId&gt;de.juplo&lt;/groupId&gt;
  &lt;artifactId&gt;hibernate4-maven-plugin&lt;/artifactId&gt;
  &lt;version&gt;${project.version}&lt;/version&gt;
  &lt;executions&gt;
    &lt;execution&gt;
      &lt;goals&gt;
        &lt;goal&gt;export&lt;/goal&gt;
      &lt;/goals&gt;
    &lt;/execution&gt;
  &lt;/executions&gt;
  &lt;dependencies&gt;
  &lt;dependency&gt;
    &lt;groupId&gt;org.hsqldb&lt;/groupId&gt;
    &lt;artifactId&gt;hsqldb&lt;/artifactId&gt;
    &lt;version&gt;2.2.8&lt;/version&gt;
  &lt;/dependency&gt;
  &lt;/dependencies&gt;
&lt;/plugin&gt;</pre>
  <p>
  This is also the best way, if you use a different jdbc-driver for
  testing, than in production.
  Because otherwise, this dependency will unnecessarily bloat the
  runtime-dependencies of your project.
  </p>
  <h2 id="fails">DBUnit fails after execution of hibernate4 was skipped because nothing has changed</h2>
  <p>
  If hibernate4-maven-plugin skips its excecution, this may lead to errors in
  other plugins.
  For example, when importing sample-data in the automatically created database
  with the help of the <a href="http://mojo.codehaus.org/dbunit-maven-plugin/">dbunit-plugin</a>,
  the <code>CLEAN_INSERT</code>-operation may fail because of foreign-key-constraints,
  if the database was not recreated, because the hibernate4-maven-plugin has
  skipped its excecution.
  </p>
  <p>
  A quick fix to this problem is, to <a href="./force.html">force</a>
  hibernate4-maven-plugin to export the schema every time it is running.
  But to recreate the database on every testrun may noticeable slow down your
  development cycle, if you have to wait for slow IO.
  </p>
  <p>
  To circumvent this problem, hibernate4-maven-plugin signals a skipped
  excecution by setting the  maven property <code>$\{hibernate.export.skipped\}</code> to
  <code>true</code>.
  You can configure other plugins to react on this signal.
  For example, the dbunit-plugin can be configured to skip its excecution, if
  hibernate4-maven-plugin was skipped like this:
  </p>
  <pre class="prettyprint linenums lang-html">
&lt;plugin&gt;
  &lt;groupId&gt;org.codehaus.mojo&lt;/groupId&gt;
  &lt;artifactId&gt;dbunit-maven-plugin&lt;/artifactId&gt;
  &lt;configuration&gt;
    &lt;skip&gt;${hibernate.export.skipped}&lt;/skip&gt;
  &lt;/configuration&gt;
&lt;/plugin&gt;</pre>
  <h2>The database will not be recreated after a manual drop/clean</h2>
  <p>
  If one manually drops the database or removes the hsqldb-files, it will not
  be recreated by the hibernate4-maven-plugin, because it cannot detect, that
  the database needs to be recreated.
  This happens, because the plugin will not recreate the database if neither
  the configuration nor the annotated classes have changed, because an
  unnecessary drop-create-cycle might take a long time. The plugin will
  report that like this:
  </p>
  <pre class="prettyprint">
[INFO] No modified annotated classes found and dialect unchanged.
[INFO] Skipping schema generation!</pre>
  <p>
  If one always uses <code>mvn clean</code> for cleanup, this will not happen.
  Otherwise the recreation must be <a href="./force.html">forced</a>:
  </p>
  <pre class="prettyprint">
mvn hibernate4:export -Dhibernate.export.force=true</pre>
  <h2>The hibernate4:export goal is not executed, when tests are skipped</h2>
  <p>
  The hibernate4-maven-plugin automatically skips its execution, when
  <code>maven.test.skip</code> is set to <code>true</code>. If you need it to be always
  executed, you can configure that explicitly like this:
  </p>
  <pre class="prettyprint linenums lang-html">
&lt;plugin&gt;
  &lt;groupId&gt;de.juplo&lt;/groupId&gt;
  &lt;artifactId&gt;hibernate4-maven-plugin&lt;/artifactId&gt;
  ...
  &lt;configuration&gt;
    &lt;skip&gt;false&lt;/skip&gt;
  &lt;/configuration&gt;
&lt;/plugin&gt;</pre>
  <p>
  Background-information for this design-decission can be found on the extra
  page <a href="./skip.html">To skip or not to skip: that is the question</a>...
  </p>
  <h2>I do not want my dependencies to be scanned for hibernate annotations</h2>
  <p>
    If you do not want your dependencies to be scanned for hibernate annotations,
    you can pass <code>-Dhibernate.export.scan_dependencies=none</code> to maven
    or set <code>scanDependencies</code> to <code>none</code> in the configuration
    of the plugin like this:
  </p>
  <pre class="prettyprint linenums lang-html">
&lt;plugin&gt;
  &lt;groupId&gt;de.juplo&lt;/groupId&gt;
  &lt;artifactId&gt;hibernate4-maven-plugin&lt;/artifactId&gt;
  ...
  &lt;configuration&gt;
    &lt;scanDependencies&gt;none&lt;/scanDependencies&gt;
  &lt;/configuration&gt;
&lt;/plugin&gt;</pre>
  <h2>No annotated classes found</h2>
  <p>
    If you are working under Windows and get the error-message
    <code>No annotated classes found in directory C:\projects\X Y Z\path-to-project\target\classes</code>,
    but you are really sure, that there are annotated classes in that
    directory, you are expiriencing a bug, in the scannotation-library, that
    was closed in version 1.1.0 of the hibernate-maven-plugin.
  </p>
  <p>
    <strong>
      You should consider to upgrade to that version of the plugin.
    </strong>
  </p>
 </body>
</html>
